ha ha When I was
ah
in university time, went to Europe.
by myself. Actually it was for the class. I was to meet
our class in the hotel.
on a certain day by certain time.
So went there by myself from London to, well, London, I went with my friends.
But from London to Greece, I went by myself.
I arrived at the middle of the night and
I had to go to the hostel, youth hostel that I was going to stay.
but I didn't know how to get there and at that time of course there's no cell phone.
So I called using the payphone.
and and got the
And they said, well, just come and gave me (***)
bus route so I took the bus to the city
And then from the city to the...
the youth hostel, but by the time I got to the middle of the city,
It was all like, all the stores are closed. It was like almost midnight.
So nobody was there and then I didn't even know if the bus was still running.
So what do I do?
and so
I found a couple that was walking, so I grabbed them and said,
You know, I need to go there and I showed them the book.
And I need to go here, I need to go here. And I didn't speak, of course, Greek or anything.
speaking (***) the come us like (***) something like that and then
Yes, japanese
Oh! We speak Japanese!(***)
So they spoke Japanese.
i actually they they gave me the token to get on the bus and got the
So that was like
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I don't know if it was still running or...
I think those two were the angels.
and then the bus I took was actually the chariot of the one.
ha ha ha ha
That trip was wow because that was the very first trip I took.
all by myself and it was you know across the
I mean, they're different countries across the world.
on the other side of the world, so that was nice to know.
mm
yeah
But where would you want to go? Not by yourself, but to explore.
wine.
Did I tell you I actually visited those places, the hills where it
(***) i have been there. i have been there
But the weight to the...
the field where they filmed it there was a flintstone house
uh ha ha ha
So that was fun.
Flintstone is a cartoon.
I don't think so. I don't.
Well, maybe. I don't know why it was there.
oh well maybe we should google that
Hobbits
uhh really
oh Like that.
Just just  one? ha ha ha  Just one?
hey
ahhh ha ha ha
ah i see i see ha ha ha
yeah Just a tour. yeah  yeah
It would be smaller than us, right? Because Hobbit is small.
How tall?
is
oh its like this ohh
So Gandalf is not tall. He's not a giant.
So from the Hobbit.
oh sure
uhmmm
(***)
Where would you like to go besides Finland? i know whoever (***)
of the place that you've never been to.
Jamaica Why?
Yeah, yeah.
That's what I was going to say. Is it Chelsea?
yeah yeah
I would love to go to Paris.
and I get to go next month.
No, no, no. Not summer. Next month.
Oh, not next month. April, April. Yeah.